made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.database.MovieDatabase
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$styleable
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.database.MovieDatabase_Impl
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$attr
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$layout
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: int colorImage
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int user_score
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: int roboto_medium
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int movie_poster
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int reviewer
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int app_name
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int msg_error_default
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int fabFavorite
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int movie_text
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int textColor_Regular
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int movie_score_graph
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int name_companies
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int roundedImageView
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int menuBackGlassmorph
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: int roboto_thin
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$styleable: int ErrorState_title
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int movie_title_and_years
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: int roboto_italic
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int empty_state
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$attr: int title
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int ic_favorite
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int overview
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int fab_content_desc
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: int black
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int tagline
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int textColor_Thin
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$styleable: int[] ErrorState
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$layout: int view_error_state
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: int pink
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int empty_title
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: int roboto_regular
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int movie_score
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$attr: int ErrorStateLayout
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int textColor_Bold
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int ic_avatar
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int textColor
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: int roboto_bold
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int textColor_Light
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int movie_ori_language
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int network
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int companies
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: int bg_color
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int movie_score
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int tv_desc
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int textColor_Medium
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int watch
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: int text_color
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int ic_rotate_right
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int iv_empty
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int ic_empty_poster
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int bg_glassmorph_primary_color
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int TabsLayoutTransparent
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int bg_outline_textview
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: int grey_color
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: int TabsLayoutTextAppearance
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: int roboto_bolditalic
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$styleable: int ErrorState_image
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: int roboto_black
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$layout: int items_companies
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$attr: int image
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$layout: int items_movies
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: int roboto_light
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int movie_title
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int ic_error_state
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int bg_progress_bar
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int Greeting
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: int roboto_blackitalic
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int tv_show_text
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: int white
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int tv_title
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int cast_image_default
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: int primary_color_29
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: int ic_image_loader
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$styleable: int ErrorState_description
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: int primary_color
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: int back_button
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: int logo_companies
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$attr: int description
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$color: R$color()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$styleable: <clinit>()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$string: R$string()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$style: R$style()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$id: R$id()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$styleable: R$styleable()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$font: R$font()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$layout: R$layout()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$attr: R$attr()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.database.MovieDatabase_Impl: MovieDatabase_Impl()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.database.MovieDatabase: MovieDatabase()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R$drawable: R$drawable()
made.dicoding.moviecatalogueapps.core.R: R()
